Updated hyperlink to section on base models (#4135)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/best-practices/how-we-structure/2-staging.md

  - ✅ **Type casting**
  - ✅ **Basic computations** (e.g. cents to dollars)
  - ✅ **Categorizing** (using conditional logic to group values into buckets or booleans, such as in the `case when` statements above)

>   - ❌ **Joins** — the goal of staging models is to clean and prepare individual source conformed concepts for downstream usage. We're creating the most useful version of a source system table, which we can use as a new modular component for our project. In our experience, joins are almost always a bad idea here — they create immediate duplicated computation and confusing relationships that ripple downstream — there are occasionally exceptions though (see [base models](#staging-other-considerations) below).

Reviewer: changing some words for accessibility

```suggestion
  - ❌ **Joins** — the goal of staging models is to clean and prepare individual source-conformed concepts for downstream usage. We're creating the most useful version of a source system table, which we can use as a new modular component for our project. In our experience, joins are almost always a bad idea here — they create immediate duplicated computation and confusing relationships that ripple downstream — there are occasionally exceptions though (refer to [base models](#staging-other-considerations) for more info).
```
